Word choice (#13877)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/bridges/index.md

### Dapps on other blockchains {#dapps-other-chains}

> If you’ve been using Aave on Ethereum Mainnet to supply USDT but the fee you may charge for supplying USDT using Aave on Polygon is higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’ve been using Aave on Ethereum Mainnet to supply USDT but the interest rate you may receive for supplying USDT using Aave on Polygon is higher.
```

Mostly agree, but changing to interest still as per Aave documentation.
